the last one of them to stop pedaling
will compete for one million dollars
we've done three videos last and fall
alaska stop swinging last sleeve toilet
and this is the fourth last to stop
biking the winner of this challenge will
compete against the other three winners
for 1 million dollars this is chandler's
team this is cody this is mark he's your
coach he's incentivized to take care of
you do whatever you need and over here
is orange team this is ryan and this is
jeremy this is the winning team we have
a device here that can see how many
rotations you're doing per minute and as
long as you're doing 20 rotations per
minute we count that as still biking if
one of your contestants wins the million
dollars you get 10 of it same with you
which is 100 grand as of right now
neither of you have a contestant in the
million dollar final i'm going to win
i heard your hand crack or was that mine
no it was yours okay
jake get out of here you already have
two winners so we're talking about
winning this is the winner of last elite
toilet who are these two people jake
akira and omar as of right now akira
omar and jorge they're gonna put their
hand on a million dollars and the last
one of them to take it off gets to keep
it we need one more person to put their
hand on the million dollars and that
will be determined today dude it sucks
that you're gonna do all this cycling if
you win and then you're gonna get beat
by jorge look at those chiseled abs you
mean cody
look at these chiseled hats
now find that beat there it is oh yeah
that's good hey chandler here's a sharp
object thank you you want a banana yes
please hold this our first challenge is
fruit ninja you're gonna toss the fruit
if he slices it in half i do nothing but
if he misses i up your resistance for 10
minutes
that was terrifying but he cut in half
so your resistance stays the same
[Music]
that is beautiful congratulations sir
your resistance stays the same let me
take this here's a banana here's a
banana go ahead and throw your banana
it happened it happened literally no one
is arguing yes you cut it
[Applause]
it's only 10 minutes so it's fine so
we're just gonna do two clicks nothing
crazy timer starts 10 minutes we're
starting off easy can you even feel the
difference i can't it's only 10 harder
it's nothing crazy next challenge it
won't happen again
the elongated cutting object has decided
your fate you got to get up and boogie
with this honey it's been over an hour
how are you feeling so far it's only
been an hour
it's all right any more bananas you got
so much bananas what's keeping me alive
but it's still numb feel like i've been
here for about three hours three hours
but i'm still kicking through i was
feeling on my butt about 20 minutes ago
but still going on still good still
going strong miles are you going 17.
what when's it seven
[Laughter]
i think this is miles i have no idea i
can't read an exercise bike is this your
first time on a bike it is i need
training wheels
it's cody's first time on a bike what
yeah dude
[Music]
sir would you like anything like a drink
i'll take a five hour energy so chandler
you're gonna have to make a trip to the
gas station i've bought you a bike so
you can go bike to the store and buy
them stuff there you go
good luck with that i'm gonna get you
guys some stuff too what would you want
blue gatorade blue gatorade red bull
ripple
okay
you get all right you got it
[Music]
yeah it's so cold out here oh there's
dogs how's this gatorade is worth it
we made it we're at the gas station in
front of the contestants let me get some
yum yum
i got the good
back on the highway here we go
oh the code is i'm here guys
best coach
i got wings
here you go
here's a little coffee break for you you
got a couple more hours in you how many
more 24 25 30 39 and a half couple weeks
at least an hour got this
get my exercise on
yeah we're buddies
you said that you thought he was gonna
get out first right i mean i was lying
first ryan
ryan who do you think's gonna get out
first banana man we own the same team
we'll have to go with banana man
bring it on old man
i think you're older than me mark is
going out first because he said five and
a half weeks that's delirious talking
these bananas i was hungry
what's up
it's been six hours i can go another 100
need more bananas why are you standing
up already my butt hurts okay why don't
you slow it down because it's harder to
go slower 35 you're going to have 44 why
are you going so fast i think i'm going
faster next to me dude you're coasting
at 70. why i can't slow down
theoretically you should burn out twice
as fast i don't know if that's true i'm
not hurting okay
[Music]
this next challenge is really gonna make
the coaches have to work whoever jumps
over more balls your people will get a
pillow under their butts the losing team
will have to hold a baby i don't know
why i pointed to you guys like you're
already about to look we're starting off
with one ball
now it's two balls
now there is three
he cleared it by like that much
all right
four balls
[Music]
thanks buddy
he cleared four balls we're coming up on
the five ball trifecta how do you feel i
feel like chandler's gonna get this are
you saying marcus is short yes he is
fairly shorter than chandler what does
that mean have at it sir
[Music]
five balls is one too many balls for
chandler
[Applause]
[Music]
since your coach could not complete the
five balls of doom you must hold this
baby for three minutes you have to hold
it right there same with you sir hold
this baby your coach worked hard to get
you these pillows how does this feel oh
that feels amazing i just feel
disappointed but now you're a father how
do you feel about that oddly weird how
about you how are you gonna pay jobs for
i'm not paying anything
anything they need you have to bike to
go get so taco bell's really far away
i'm gonna have to bike like 30 minutes
i'll see you in an hour
[Laughter]
got it i'm gonna go now and ride a bike
in the dark in the cold on the highway
jimmy john's is like right down the
street that's a sub place is that okay
so sure sure i don't want to do this you
know you can wait until you get outside
to get on the bike
that's it
no lettuce
let's go back i guess
it's pretty cold
we've got food
did you get something i got frostbite
[Music]
who would you say you're trying to win
this money for my girlfriend her name is
annie we've been together like five
years so i feel like i should buy it why
do you need this money what you gonna do
with it invest in my youtube channel
nice
my parents my girlfriend am i watching
kids oh oh he's got like a real family
gentlemen i bring prizes i got brian aka
the unicorn of wealth i can list all the
items here but i don't feel like it it's
stuff do you want it yes
then get up all right
[Laughter]
sorry chandler
christmas is gonna be awesome
[Laughter]
[Applause]
take this unicorn by the helm and ride
off into the sunset i mean i can barely
walk but let's do this
yes
cody your legs are right no
i was just waiting for something to be
offered
i'm gonna need you to win this for me i
got you all right i got you
[Music]
let me make it easier on one of you five
thousand dollars the next one to get out
oh
can't stand are you good don't fall
i know team marcus is in good hands
because jeremy you want to bring it home
i guess you did the best you could do
yeah there's a 50 50 chance now that
you're in the million dollars 200 chance
that we are in the millionaires
with what with what math i i added their
50 to ours i lost feeling in my legs
at least you leave with five bands you
know congratulations man thank you
there's only two contestants left now
and i think we should celebrate by
moving the resistance up a little bit
we're just gonna go click click yeah
right about there is there a big
difference now
no not at all that's a front i know he's
lying no i'm dead serious i know you
feel the difference
did you get a trash can though too many
powerades yeah this is 103.
you've biked 103 miles today 149
miles
i said we present the final offer 10 000
to the next person who gets out do you
not want 10 grand it's a lot of money he
wants more than that even if you guys
won today you're not guaranteed a
million dollars you're going up against
freak of natures you could just lose in
the next round you're going up against
this dude look at his abs if neither of
you want it or i have to keep upping the
resistance i'll just go
yo get off this bike young man we got to
win i can't walk
let's go
marcus oh no get away
it was a long long long ride
but you got ten times he got more than
ten thousand if i win i want to give him
fifty thousand oh
wait seriously if you win the million
dollars do you wanna give him 50 grand
yes i want to give him 50 grand oh
i really appreciate that this means you
me now in a few days put your hand on a
million dollars and if you're the last
one to take it off you keep it y'all
bout to watch out cause i'm not giving
up i'm going for the big money i'm going
for the championship thursday december
19th at 4 pm eastern time last to take
hand off million dollars goes public
akira omar jorge and him will all put
their hand on a million dollars and the
last one to take it off keeps it when
this bike video goes public that video
will have already been filmed don't try
to rob us someone is becoming a
millionaire see you on december 19th at
4 p.m and one last thing the first 10
comments on last to take hand off a
million dollar keeps it each get a
thousand dollars so first 10 comments
all 10 people each get a thousand
dollars december 19th at 4 pm we'll see
you there